I'm Julia Child
Bon Apetit before she changed the world
Julia Child was just an American living
in France shouldn't I find something to
do what is it that you really like to do
eat but what does Julia Child have to do
with me
lowly cubicle worker Julie Powell saj
your job Julie are you the person who
speak to about my insurance form you can
speak to me you have any power no
heartbreak so sad painful not in a bad
way
is this lost if you met me would you
think that woman is lost I would think
that woman is strangely repetitive you
hear what happened to this one Showtime
bought my blog for a miniseries I could
write a blog I have thoughts I'm not a
real cook like Julia Child Julia Child
was an OD Julia Child
why don't I go to cooking school Mooji
the Julie / julia project i cook my way
through Julia Child's cookbook 365 days
524 recipes I am risking my well-being
for a deranged assignment is it crazy
yes but then they discovered I was
fearless I'm sure we I make it sound so
simple your book is going to change the
world
[Music]
but if I don't make my deadline I'll
wasted a whole year of my life I used to
be thin nonfat just your face it's
supposed to be a big adventure but it
just turns out to be a lot of meltdowns
never apologize from writer director
Nora Ephron is good Meryl Streep Amy
Adams I was drowning and she pulled me
out of the ocean don't eat anyway what's
for dinner
for dinner nobody in 10 all for cooking
Julie and Julia based on two true
stories
[Music]